Katas UI review - Preparing states (#1847)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/preparing_states/wstate_arbitrary/solution.md

### Post-selection Solution

> Let's assume that you know how to prepare the $W$ state for $N = 2^k$ (you've discussed this in the previous task), and figure out how to use this knowledge as a building block for solving this task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's assume that you know how to prepare the $W$ state for $N = 2^k$ (see the previous task), and figure out how to use this knowledge as a building block for solving this task.
```

Let's look at the smallest possible case for which $N \neq 2^k$: $N = 3$ (you'll be able to generalize the solution for this case to an arbitrary number of qubits). The target $W$ state looks like this:  

$$\ket{W_3} = \frac{1}{3}\big(\ket{100} + \ket{010} + \ket{001}\big)$$

> You'll start by finding the smallest power of 2 $P$ which is greater than or equal to $N$; for this case $N = 3$ this power will be $P = 4$. You'll allocate an extra $P - N$ qubits and use the solution of the previous task to prepare the $W_P$ state that looks as follows (with the state of the extra qubit highlighted in bold):  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll start by finding the smallest power of 2 $P$ which is greater than or equal to $N$; for this case $N = 3$, so this power will be $P = 4$. You'll allocate an extra $P - N$ qubits and use the solution of the previous task to prepare the $W_P$ state that looks as follows (with the state of the extra qubit highlighted in bold):  
```

$$\ket{W_4} = \frac{1}{2}\big( \ket{100\textbf{0}} + \ket{010\textbf{0}} + \ket{001\textbf{0}} + \ket{000\textbf{1}} \big) = $$
$$= \frac{\sqrt3}{2} \cdot \frac{1}{\sqrt3}\big(\ket{100} + \ket{010} + \ket{001} \big) \otimes \ket{\textbf{0}} + \frac{1}{2}\ket{000} \otimes \ket{\textbf{1}} = $$
$$= \frac{\sqrt3}{2} \ket{W_3} \otimes \ket{\textbf{0}} + \frac{1}{2}\ket{000} \otimes \ket{\textbf{1}}$$

As you can see, if the extra qubit is in the $\ket{0}$ state, the main 3 qubits that you're concerned about are in the right $\ket{W_3}$ state. 

What happens if you measure just the extra qubit? This causes a partial collapse of the system to the state defined by the measurement result:
* If the result is $\ket{0}$, the system collapses to the $\ket{W_3}$ state - which is exactly what you wanted to achieve.

> * If the result is $\ket{1}$, the system collapses to a state $\ket{000}$, so your goal is not achieved. The good thing is, this only happens in $25%$ of the cases, and you can just try again.

Reviewer: Escape
